check out New York right there in the
middle things right there at the better
dance with me little dreams
crown King it is beautiful why we don't
like to sit on my throne
two three so whenever
oculus in New York City this is an
iPhone 7 plus video vlog video chateroo
beneficial yeah you can you can
determine whether you like like we don't
need a sleeping notes and pain
I wanna go to London Tokyo favors a day
through your shots I'm Sydney's way
[Music]
London Tokyo Paris New York shutdowns in
this bed I wanna go to London Tokyo
Paris ahead through your shutdown Sydney
spend it took your Paris a war right
there in the middle of things right
there in the middle of things with me
right there
things you okay yeah drop dip in the
middle of things right there in the
middle of things move it huh
right there the middle of things is you
Oh
[Music]
I'm gonna end the iPhone 7 video test
lovely you enjoyed it I did put my own
twist on it so I color rated it the way
I like to color grade and so it was
filmed in 1080 30 frames per second and
then a slo-mo with 60 frames per second
and then 120 frames per second but yeah
I had really really great success of the
iPhone camera
so hopefully this one's good too you can
use great apps like the filmic Pro to
get 24 frames per second that is what I
normally use but I just wanted to try
recording shakes the iPhone with 30
frames and 60 frames so hopefully guys
enjoyed it and I will see you guys in
the next video watch the previous vlog
you have not yet stay peachy okay Mike
one of the hashtag goals that I have
leaving that place was the next time
that I come to Adobe MAX conference I'm
not going to come as an attendee but I'm
going to come as a speaker I said I
would be coming back as a speaker and
this year I came back as a speaker how
cool is that